good [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
you need is just can't help you wove here I am
it would be nice dif
wenger
and if we have rustic there is in the seals
they are prinsloo me by in me
luiz and the wind
as
okay
and your website
[Music]
ah [Music]
and they have shook some guys from rum
let's go [music]
[Applause]
two
ah to
asks
we are going to ride and you know
hardware yes
the winger luizinho
and it can already be
wisin already
Yes
not
[Music]
so good bye
Y
ah
[Music]
specification
the rooms reuters
you
ah
[Music] ah
me and never
today I have chosen yes
[Music] no more
[Music] thank you
[Music]
little things good laughs this
reserved
load
[Music]
not from the local tourism community
I'm a web rapper
that's very good yes why not
in which one [Music]
their daughters
directed good
[Applause]
to the jockey the country ah
who is he when he just took waits
2 [Music]
not
[Applause]
[Music]
i
sight
[Music]
[Applause]